There are two directories here: `data`, containing data special to our project and `output` containing generated estimates of woodiness.

These files are also all available in a form that can be directly rerun on github: https://github.com/richfitz/wood

The final journal version is at 
https://github.com/richfitz/wood/releases/v1.0

# data

* `survey_results.csv`: survey responses containing a guess as to what
  fraction of species are woody, along with information about botany
  training, familiarity and location.
* `high-level-taxonomy.csv`: Lookup table, manually constructed, that
  links plant orders to high level clades.  This is used only for
  colouring the tree figures.
* `genus_order_lookup_extra.csv`: Lookup table with extra
  genus/family/order relationships, for non-seed plants.  This is
  merged with a similar lookup file from Zanne et al. (see below)
* `synonyms.csv`: Synonyms for species in the woodiness database.
* `geo/country_coords.csv`: nominal latitude and longitude for 259
  countries, for use with the survey results.  This can be regenerated
  by deleting the file and running `make data/geo/country_coords.csv`

# output:

Contains estimates of woodiness at genus, family and order level.  For each level, we include results with both binomial (strong prior) and hypergeometric (weak prior) approaches.  We also include the data set biased to treat variable taxa as woody (wood-biased) and herbacous (herb-biased).

These files can all be generated by running the code on github.

The file `output/resuts/metadata.csv` contains column descriptions:

* order: Taxonomic order
* family: Taxonomic family
* genus: Taxonomic genus
* W: Number of species known to be woody
* V: Number of species known to be variable
* H: Number of species known to be herbaceous
* N: Estimate of the number of species in the genus/family/order
* K: Number of species with known state (W + H)
* mean: Mean estimated number of woody species
* lower: 0.025 quantile of estimated number of woody species
* upper: 0.975 quantile of estimated number of woody species
* p.mean: Mean estimated fration of woody species
* p.lower: 0.025 quantile of estimated fraction of woody species
* p.upper: 0.975 quantile of estimated fraction of woody species

