# Dryad

These are files that we should lodge on dryad, or keep within this
project (if we archive on github alone).  The files are

* `survey_results.csv`: survey responses containing a guess as to what
  fraction of species are woody, along with information about botany
  training, familiarity and location.
* `high-level-taxonomy.csv`: Lookup table, manually constructed, that
  links plant orders to high level clades.  This is used only for
  colouring the tree figures.
  
# Geo

Contains the file `country_coords.csv`, which contains nominal
latitude and longitude for 259 countries, for use with the survey
results.  This file is automatically generated from
`wood-functions.R:build.country.list()`, using data from files hosted
on [GBIF](http://www.gbif.org).

# ZAE

Files from Zanne et al. (in press at Nature).  Once the data is on
dryad (which is after the paper is fully published), this directory
will be replaced by code that fetches the data from dryad, probably
using [rdryad](https://github.com/ropensci/rdryad).

* `GlobalWoodinessDatabase.csv`: list of species with their woodiness
  status.  See `woodinessReadme.txt` for more information.
* `genus_order_lookup.csv`: Taxonomic information relating plant
  genera, families and orders.  This is used for computing the numbers
  of woody species at the family and order level.
* `tempo_scrubbed_CONSTRAINT_rooted.dated.tre`: very large phylogeny
  of plants.  This is used only for display purposes.

# Also...

* `spermatophyta_synonyms_PLANTLIST.csv`: This is a file we might not
  be able to distribute.  But we need it to compute the numbers of
  species in different genera, and to resolve synonyms in the data
  set.
